[IMP] payroll: updating new reporting for 17 (#7806)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/reporting.rst

:guilabel:`filters`. Filters show information that matches the specific filter parameters.

.. example::
   The :guilabel:`Work Entries Analysis` report has two default filters, the :guilabel:`Current
   month:(Month)(Year)` filter, and the :guilabel:`Validated` filter. The :guilabel:`Payroll` report
   only has one default filter, the :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip` filter.

   .. image:: reporting/custom-filter.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filters enabled for the Work Entries Analysis report.

All reports can add custom filters, or group the information by different metrics (employee,
department, company, etc.). Some reports have the option to compare the current report to the
previous time period or year (a :guilabel:`Comparison` option).

Click on a parameter to select it and activate it. The report is immediately updated with the new
parameters.

The updated report can be set as a favorite report, meaning the parameters are stored for quick
access in the future. First, click :guilabel:`Save the current search` under the
:guilabel:`Favorites` section, and two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button appear.

> If the current report is desired to be the default when the report is accessed, check the box next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the current report as the default configuration when the report is accessed, check the box next
```

.. image:: reporting/pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pivot table view with the various metrics called out.

To sort the entries by a specific column, such as :guilabel:`Net Wage`, click on the column name
twice. The first click selects the column, and the second click sorts the information in descending
order.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon. The information is
then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

.. image:: reporting/xlsx.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Download button highlighted.

Any report can be inserted into a spreadsheet by clicking the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet`
button. A :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears,
asking which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard,
or select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. image:: reporting/spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The view of data sent to a spreadsheet.

.. note::
   The *Documents* application must be installed to use the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet`

>    option.

Reviewer: As per our discussion- this doesn't seem to be true. You can still use the "Insert in Spreadsheet" option. The spreadsheet just appears in the Dashboards app.

Reporting -> Work Entry Analysis`.

To change the displayed view, click the :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon next to the word
:guilabel:`Total`, then click on one of the grouping options. The available options are
:guilabel:`Work Entry Type`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Department`. If in a multi-company
database, a :guilabel:`Company` option also appears.

To add a new group to sort the data by, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then click one of the
presented options.

.. tip::
   Wherever a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon appears on a pivot table, the information can be further
   grouped. Click on a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon to reveal the available grouping options.

   Click on a :guilabel:`➖ (minus)` icon anywhere on the pivot table to remove that grouping.

It is possible to compare the current :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report to the previous month
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search
bar to reveal the various filter and grouping options.

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous

> Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates, and displays the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates, and displays the previous
```
```suggestion
Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the previous
```

   :alt: View the Attachment of Salary report that shows all salary garnishments.

The employees are listed in the left-side column, while the different deductions are listed in the
top row, organized by deduction, and monthly individual payslips.

The report can be exported as a XLSX file, or inserted into a spreadsheet, using the corresponding
buttons at the top.

Click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to show the options on what data is displayed.
:guilabel:`Assignment of salary`, :guilabel:`Attachment of salary`, :guilabel:`Child support`, and
:guilabel:`Count` can all be selected or deselected by clicking on the item. If an item has a check
mark next to it, that information is displayed.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the options to be displayed in the Salary Attachment Report.

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` can be compared to the report for the previous time period
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search
bar to reveal the various filter and grouping options.

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous

> Period` or :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous Year`. The report updates, and displays the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Period` or :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the
```

Reporting
=========

The :guilabel:`Reporting` section of the *Payroll* app offers a variety of reports to choose from,
organized by location.

The *Payroll* report, *Work Entry Analysis* report, and *Salary Attachment Report* are default
reports in the *Payroll* app, and are available for all companies, regardless of location.

Beneath the three default reports are all localization-based reports, organized by country, in
alphabetical order. These reports contain all the various information for the offered benefits and
local tax laws.

To view all the available reports for the database, including all the localization-specific ones,

> navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting` to view the available reports. Click on a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting` to view the available reports in a drop-down menu. Click on a
```

specific report to view it.

.. image:: reporting/reports.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view showing extra reports for Belgium databases.

If a report is unavailable to a user, an :guilabel:`Invalid Operation` pop-up window appears,
stating: `You must be logged in to a (country) company to use this feature.`

Filters
=======

At the top of each report, the default filters are shown inside the :guilabel:`Search` box.

> Click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search box to display the available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the search bar to display the available
```
emoji was found in the Style Guide https://www.odoo.com/web#id=8793&cids=3&menu_id=6446&action=5066&model=knowledge.article&view_type=form

> :guilabel:`filters`. Filters show information that matches the specific filter parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Filters`. Filters show information that match the specific filter parameters.
```

.. example::
   The :guilabel:`Work Entries Analysis` report has two default filters, the :guilabel:`Current
   month:(Month)(Year)` filter, and the :guilabel:`Validated` filter. The :guilabel:`Payroll` report

>    only has one default filter, the :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip` filter.

Reviewer 2: is there a reason you didn't mention the default filter in the 'Salary Attachment Report'? could be useful...

Author: No- I was just illustrating that one report has only one filter, and a different one has two. It wasn't to intentionally leave out the third report- but now that you point it out, I see why it could be confusing. Adding that info!

   .. image:: reporting/custom-filter.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filters enabled for the Work Entries Analysis report.

> All reports can include custom filters or group information by different metrics (employee,
> department, company, etc.). Some reports have the option to compare the current report to the
> previous time period or year (a :guilabel:`Comparison` option).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All reports can include custom filters or group information by different metrics (:guilabel:`Employee`,
:guilabel:`Department`, :guilabel:`Company`, etc.). 

Some reports have the option to compare the current report to the previous time period or year (via the :guilabel:`Comparison` option).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason you didn't simply tackle each of the three Reporting pages in the Payroll app one by one? Not only would that provide a clearer picture for the reader, but it would help organize this doc a great deal.

Reviewer 2: UPDATE: I can see now that you eventually do that, but this lead-in was a tad confusing. it might be worth considering a slightly reordering/reorganizing of this doc to improve readability

Author: My original logic was to explain what reports there were, then I thought explaining why they are seeing what they see (filters) would be a good section before diving into the separate reports. But your logic also makes sense- so I moved the filters to the bottom. I hope that's not too confusing for the reader, since I want to keep all the "reports" together- so after the reports seemed like the best option.

Click on a parameter to select it and activate it. The report is immediately updated with the new
parameters.

The updated report can be set as a favorite report, meaning the parameters are stored for quick

> access in the future. First, click :guilabel:`Save the current search` under the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
access in the future. To do that, click :guilabel:`Save the current search` under the
```

> :guilabel:`Favorites` section, and two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Favorites` section, located in the search bar drop-down mega menu of filter options. Doing so reveals two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button appears.
```
please be as specific as possible when explaining steps like this. it helps avoid any confusion with readers. thanks 👍

To set the current report as the default configuration when the report is accessed, check the box
next to :guilabel:`Default filter`. If the current report should be accessible to everyone in the
database, check the box next to :guilabel:`Share`.

> Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`, which saves the currently configured report, and it now appears

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`, which saves the currently configured report, and it appears
```

> beneath :guilabel:`Favorites`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
beneath :guilabel:`Favorites` in the search bar drop-down mega menu of filter options.
```

Default reports
===============

Payroll
-------

Click on :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Payroll` to display the :guilabel:`Payroll

> Analysis` report. This report shows all the payslips generated in the last 365 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Analysis` report. This report shows all the payslips generated in the last 365 days.
```
this would be a good place to mention the default filter again - just in case readers skip to this portion

.. image:: reporting/payroll-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Payroll overview report showing payroll for the last 365 days.

The report can display metrics for a variety of parameters. Click the :guilabel:`Measures` box to
view a drop-down menu with the various options to display.

The default options available include: :guilabel:`# Payslip`, :guilabel:`Basic Wage`,
:guilabel:`Basic Wage for Time Off`, :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`, :guilabel:`Days of
Unforeseen Absence`, :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`, :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, :guilabel:`Net
Wage`, :guilabel:`Number of Days`, :guilabel:`Number of Hours`, :guilabel:`Work Days`,

> :guilabel:`Work Hours`, and :guilabel:`Count`.

Reviewer 2: For improved appearance and easier readability, this may be better served as a list

:guilabel:`Net Wage` is the default metric for the :guilabel:`Payroll` report.

.. image:: reporting/measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The various measures available to display for the Payroll Analysis report.

Line chart
~~~~~~~~~~

A line chart is the default view for the *Payroll* report. If a different view is selected, click
the :guilabel:`Line Chart` icon in the menu bar to change the view back to a line chart.

Several options are available for the line chart. Click the corresponding button to activate the
selection, and change the way the data is presented.

The various options are: :guilabel:`Stacked`, :guilabel:`Cumulative`, or in :guilabel:`Descending`

> or :guilabel:`Ascending` order. These icons appear at the end of the chart options.

Reviewer 2: do you think it might be useful to expand on each of these options mean/represent?

Author: I like this idea- I have a few questions out with the experts (haven't heard back yet today) to see if my explanations are thorough enough.

.. image:: reporting/line-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the line chart called out, along with the other option buttons.

Bar chart
~~~~~~~~~

To display the data in a bar chart, click on the :guilabel:`Bar Chart` icon in the menu bar.

Click the :guilabel:`Stacked` icon to view the bar chart in a stacked format (where multiple values
appear in each column). An option to display the columns in :guilabel:`Descending` or
:guilabel:`Ascending` order appears at the end of the options.

.. image:: reporting/bar-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the bar chart called out, along with the other option buttons.

.. tip::
   Clicking an option enables it. To turn off the option, click it again. When the option is enabled

>    it appears gray. When it is inactive, it appears white.

Reviewer 2: I'd argue that the converse is true about the colors...it appears to lighten up (white) when active, and become purely gray when inactive

Author: Good catch! I changed it even further since it has a turquoise outline as well, so it is very clear now.

Pie chart
~~~~~~~~~

To display the data in a pie chart, click on the :guilabel:`Pie Chart` icon in the menu bar. There
are no additional options available in this view.

.. image:: reporting/pie-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the pie chart called out.

Pivot table
~~~~~~~~~~~

To display the data in a pivot table, click on the :guilabel:`Pivot` icon located in the far-right
side of the top menu bar.

The default information displayed includes the number of payslips (:guilabel:`# Payslip`), the
:guilabel:`Net Wage`, the :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, the number of :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`,
and the number of :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`. The information is organized by department.

To display more information on the report, click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal a

> drop-down menu. Then, click on any other metric to display it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
drop-down menu. Then, click on any other metric to display it on the pivot table.
```

.. image:: reporting/pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pivot table view with the various metrics called out.

To sort the entries by a specific column, such as :guilabel:`Net Wage`, click on the column name
twice. The first click selects the column, and the second click sorts the information in descending
order.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon. The information is

> then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

Reviewer 2: A little clarity to help the reader locate this icon may be useful -- perhaps even a more rudimentary description could be beneficial

Author: I agree- that's why I had added the image after it, since it's an odd-looking icon. I like adding the description- thank you.  I tried my best to describe it correctly- feel free to change it though!

or select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. image:: reporting/spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The view of data sent to a spreadsheet.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places
   the newly created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

   If the *Documents* application **is** installed, the spreadsheet has the option to be stored in
   either the *Dashboards* app or *Documents* app.

Work entry analysis
-------------------

The default :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report provides an overview of the validated work
entries for the current month. To view this report, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
Reporting -> Work Entry Analysis`.

To change the displayed view, click the :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon next to the word
:guilabel:`Total`, then click on one of the grouping options. The available options are
:guilabel:`Work Entry Type`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Department`. If in a multi-company

> database, a :guilabel:`Company` option also appears.

Reviewer 2: this portion should be reworked to cleanly introduce the default view and filter on this reporting page -- at the moment I don't think it's as "detailed" as it could be.

Author: Good idea- it was so minimal, I almost thought it was obvious (since it just shows the totals of what the name of the report is) but that's a great suggestion- added!

To add a new group to sort the data by, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then click one of the
presented options.

.. tip::
   Wherever a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon appears on a pivot table, the information can be further
   grouped. Click on a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon to reveal the available grouping options.

>    Click on a :guilabel:`➖ (minus)` icon anywhere on the pivot table to remove that grouping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Click on a :guilabel:`➖ (minus)` icon anywhere on the pivot table to remove that respective grouping.
```

It is possible to compare the current :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report to the previous month

> or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search

Reviewer 2: i'd suggest using the arrow emoji mentioned above here, as it's featured in the Style Guide

bar to reveal the various filter and grouping options.

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous
Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the previous
time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. image:: reporting/work-entry-comparison.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A pivot table comparing the work entries of the current month and the previous month.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon. The information is

> downloaded into a spreadsheet.

Reviewer 2: again, a little more guidance for the reader here would prove beneficial, as they likely aren't aware of what a 'Download xlsx' icon looks like.

which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard, or
select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places
   the newly created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

   If the *Documents* application **is** installed, the spreadsheet has the option to be stored in
   either the *Dashboards* app or *Documents* app.

Salary attachment report
------------------------

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` shows all deductions or allocations per employee, such as
child support payments and wage garnishments. To view this report, navigate to
:menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting -> Salary Attachment Report`.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-of-salary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View the Attachment of Salary report that shows all salary garnishments.

The employees are listed in the left-side column, while the different deductions are listed in the
top row, organized by deduction, and monthly individual payslips.

> The report can be exported as a XLSX file, or inserted into a spreadsheet, using the corresponding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The report can be exported as an XLSX file, or inserted into a spreadsheet, using the corresponding
```

buttons at the top.

> Click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to show the options on what data is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal the options of what data can be displayed.
```

:guilabel:`Assignment of salary`, :guilabel:`Attachment of salary`, :guilabel:`Child support`, and

> :guilabel:`Count` can all be selected or deselected by clicking on the item. If an item has a check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Count` can all be selected, or deselected, by clicking on the item. If an item has a checkmark
```
checkmark should be one word

mark next to it, that information is displayed.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the options to be displayed in the Salary Attachment Report.

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` can be compared to the report for the previous time period

> or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search

Reviewer 2: emoji use here, as well -- as mentioned above re: Style Guide

local tax laws.

To view all the available reports for the database, including all the localization-specific ones,
navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting` to view the available reports in a drop-down
menu. Click on a specific report to view it.

.. image:: reporting/reports.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view showing extra reports for Belgium databases.

If a report is unavailable to a user, an :guilabel:`Invalid Operation` pop-up window appears,
stating: :guilabel:`You must be logged in to a (country) company to use this feature.`

Default reports
===============

Payroll
-------

Click on :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Payroll` to display the :guilabel:`Payroll
Analysis` report. This report shows all the payslips generated in the last 365 days, due to the
default :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>`: :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip`.

.. image:: reporting/payroll-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Payroll overview report showing payroll for the last 365 days.

The report can display metrics for a variety of parameters. Click the :guilabel:`Measures` box to

> view a drop-down menu with the various metrics to display. The default options available include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
view a drop-down menu with the various metrics options to display. The default options available include:
```

are no additional options available in this view.

.. image:: reporting/pie-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the pie chart called out.

Pivot table
~~~~~~~~~~~

To display the data in a pivot table, click on the :guilabel:`Pivot` icon located in the far-right
side of the top menu bar.

The default information displayed includes the number of payslips (:guilabel:`# Payslip`), the
:guilabel:`Net Wage`, the :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, the number of :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`,
and the number of :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`. The information is organized by department.

To display more information on the report, click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal a
drop-down menu. Then, click on any other metric to display it on the pivot table.

.. image:: reporting/pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pivot table view with the various metrics called out.

To sort the entries by a specific column, such as :guilabel:`Net Wage`, click on the column name
twice. The first click selects the column, and the second click sorts the information in descending
order.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon, represented by a

> :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`), located at the far-right of the available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`, located at the far-right of the available
```

icons. The information is then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

.. image:: reporting/xlsx.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The menu options with the download button highlighted.

Any report can be inserted into a spreadsheet by clicking the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet`
button. A :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears,
asking which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard,
or select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. image:: reporting/spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The view of data sent to a spreadsheet.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places

>    the newly created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the newly-created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.
```

   If the *Documents* application **is** installed, the spreadsheet has the option to be stored in
   either the *Dashboards* app or *Documents* app.

Work entry analysis
-------------------

The default :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report provides an overview of the validated work
entries for the current month. To view this report, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
Reporting --> Work Entry Analysis`.

The work entries appear in a pivot table, with the default filters of :guilabel:`Current month:
(Month)(Year)` and :guilabel:`Validated`. The various types of :doc:`work_entries` are listed on the
left-hand side (x-axis), while the :guilabel:`Total` values appear along the top (the y-axis).

To change the displayed view, click the :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon next to the word
:guilabel:`Total`, then click on one of the grouping options. The available options are
:guilabel:`Work Entry Type`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Department`. If in a multi-company
database, a :guilabel:`Company` option also appears.

> To add a new group to sort the data by, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then click one of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a new group to sort the data, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then click one of the
```

presented options.

.. tip::
   Wherever a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon appears on a pivot table, the information can be further
   grouped. Click on a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon to reveal the available grouping options.

   Click on a :guilabel:`➖ (minus)` icon anywhere on the pivot table to remove that respective
   grouping.

It is possible to compare the current :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report to the previous month
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the
search bar to reveal the various :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>` and grouping options.

> In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the section titled, :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous
```

Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the previous
time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. image:: reporting/work-entry-comparison.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A pivot table comparing the work entries of the current month and the previous month.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon, represented by a

> :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`), located at the far-right of the available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`, located at the far-right of the available
```

which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard, or
select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places
   the newly created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

   If the *Documents* application **is** installed, the spreadsheet has the option to be stored in
   either the *Dashboards* app or *Documents* app.

Salary attachment report
------------------------

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` shows all deductions or allocations per employee, such as
child support payments and wage garnishments. To view this report, navigate to
:menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting -> Salary Attachment Report`.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-of-salary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View the Attachment of Salary report that shows all salary garnishments.

The employees are listed in the left-side column, while the different deductions are listed in the

> top row, organized by deduction, and monthly individual payslips.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
top row, organized by deduction and monthly individual payslips.
```

The report can be exported as an XLSX file, or inserted into a spreadsheet, using the corresponding
buttons at the top.

Click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal the options of what data can be displayed.
:guilabel:`Assignment of salary`, :guilabel:`Attachment of salary`, :guilabel:`Child support`, and

> :guilabel:`Count` can all be selected or deselected by clicking on the item. If an item has a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Count` can all be selected, or deselected, by clicking on the item. If an item has a
```

checkmark next to it, that information is displayed.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the options to be displayed in the Salary Attachment Report.

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` can be compared to the report for the previous time period
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the
search bar to reveal the various :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>` and grouping options.

> In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the section titled, :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous
```

Period` or :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the
previous time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. _payroll/filters:

Filters
=======

At the top of each report, the default filters are shown inside the :guilabel:`Search` box.

Click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the search bar to display the available
:guilabel:`Filters`. Filters show information that match the specific filter parameters.

.. example::
   The :guilabel:`Work Entries Analysis` report has two default filters, the :guilabel:`Current
   month:(Month)(Year)` filter, and the :guilabel:`Validated` filter.

   .. image:: reporting/custom-filter.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filters enabled for the Work Entries Analysis report.

   The :guilabel:`Payroll` report has only one default filter, the :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip`
   filter.

   The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` has only one default filter, the :guilabel:`Payslip End
   Date: (Year)` filter.

> All reports can include custom filters or group information by different metrics (employee,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All reports can include custom filters, or group information, by different metrics (employee,
```

department, company, etc.).

Some reports have the option to compare the current report to the previous time period or year (a
:guilabel:`Comparison` option).

Click on a parameter to select it and activate it. The report is immediately updated with the new
parameters.

> The updated report can be set as a favorite report, meaning the parameters are stored for quick

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The updated report can be set as a *favorite* report, meaning the parameters are stored for quick
```

> access in the future. To do that, click :guilabel:`Save the current search` under the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
access in the future. To do that, click :guilabel:`Save the current search`, under the
```

:guilabel:`Favorites` section, located in the search bar drop-down mega menu of filter options.

> Doing so reveals two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button.
```

To set the current report as the default configuration when the report is accessed, check the box
next to :guilabel:`Default filter`. If the current report should be accessible to everyone in the
database, check the box next to :guilabel:`Share`.

> Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`, which saves the currently configured report, and it appears beneath

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`, which saves the currently configured report. Then, it appears beneath the
```

The *Payroll* report, *Work Entry Analysis* report, and *Salary Attachment Report* are default
reports in the *Payroll* app, and are available for all companies, regardless of location.

Beneath the three default reports are all localization-based reports, organized by country, in
alphabetical order. These reports contain all the various information for the offered benefits and
local tax laws.

To view all the available reports for the database, including all the localization-specific ones,
navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting` to view the available reports in a drop-down
menu. Click on a specific report to view it.

.. image:: reporting/reports.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view showing extra reports for Belgium databases.

If a report is unavailable to a user, an :guilabel:`Invalid Operation` pop-up window appears,
stating: :guilabel:`You must be logged in to a (country) company to use this feature.`

Default reports
===============

Payroll
-------

Click on :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Payroll` to display the :guilabel:`Payroll
Analysis` report. This report shows all the payslips generated in the last 365 days, due to the

> default :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>`: :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip`.

Author: But does that apply when it is on-screen as the default? This is what they see in that field when they first go to that report, so they are not typing it in. And since it is the default- it also appears as a 'button' in the drop-down, if you remove the filter:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/121518652/0070b048-d87c-44fa-9f1b-14932f9847fd)

> default :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>`: :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip`.

Author: I removed it, but I just wanted to explain why I made it a gui - only because it appears in the box as something you can click off:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/121518652/998df39d-3775-4316-ba96-9c8def16294b)

options. The various options are:

.. _payroll/stacked:

- :guilabel:`Stacked`: data is presented with each metric in its own line, "stacked" on top of each
  other. This helps visualize the distribution and variances between different categories.

.. _payroll/cumulative:

- :guilabel:`Cumulative`: data is presented with each metric on an individual line, with the total
  amount calculated by combining all the lines. This provides a comprehensive view of the cumulative
  data.

.. _payroll/descending:

- :guilabel:`Descending`: data is shown with the largest values on the left side of the chart,
  gradually decreasing towards the smallest values on the right side, along the x-axis. This
  arrangement helps emphasize trends or outliers at the extremes.

.. _payroll/ascending:

- :guilabel:`Ascending`: data is presented with the smallest values on the left side of the chart,
  increasing towards the largest values on the right side, along the x-axis. This arrangement can be
  useful for highlighting progressive growth or trends.

.. image:: reporting/line-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the line chart called out, along with the other option buttons.

> 

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to add a note stating the view options can be combined :)
```suggestion
.. note::
   These options can be combined to create a variety of views.
   
```

Bar chart
~~~~~~~~~

> To display the data in a bar chart, click on the :guilabel:`Bar Chart` icon in the menu bar.

Reviewer 3: Add icon formatting please
```suggestion
To display the data in a bar chart, click on the :guilabel:`Bar Chart` button (represented by a
:guilabel:`📊 (bar chart)` icon) in the menu bar.
```

Click the :ref:`Stacked <payroll/stacked>` icon to view the bar chart in a stacked format (where

> multiple values appear in each column). Cumulative bar charts are useful for visualizing the
> progression over time or other categories.

Reviewer 3: Missing reference :)
```suggestion
multiple values appear in each column). :ref:`Cumulative <payroll/cumulative>` bar charts are useful
for visualizing the progression over time or other categories.
```

An option to display the columns in :ref:`Descending <payroll/descending>` or :ref:`Ascending
<payroll/ascending>` order appears at the end of the options.

.. image:: reporting/bar-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the bar chart called out, along with the other option buttons.

.. tip::
   Clicking an option enables it. To turn off the option, click it again. When the option is enabled
   the icon appears lighter, with a turquoise outline. When it is inactive, it appears gray, with no
   outline.

Pie chart
~~~~~~~~~

> To display the data in a pie chart, click on the :guilabel:`Pie Chart` icon in the menu bar. There
> are no additional options available in this view.

Reviewer 3: Add icon formatting please :)
```suggestion
To display the data in a pie chart, click on the :guilabel:`Pie Chart` button (represented by a
:guilabel:`(pie chart)` icon) in the menu bar. There are no additional options available in this
view.
```

.. image:: reporting/pie-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the pie chart called out.

Pivot table
~~~~~~~~~~~

> To display the data in a pivot table, click on the :guilabel:`Pivot` icon located in the far-right
> side of the top menu bar.

Reviewer 3: Icon formatting
```suggestion
To display the data in a pivot table, click on the :guilabel:`Pivot` button (represented by a
:guilabel:`(pivot)` icon) located in the far-right side of the top menu bar.
```

The default information displayed includes the number of payslips (:guilabel:`# Payslip`), the
:guilabel:`Net Wage`, the :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, the number of :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`,
and the number of :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`. The information is organized by department.

To display more information on the report, click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal a
drop-down menu. Then, click on any other metric to display it on the pivot table.

.. image:: reporting/pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pivot table view with the various metrics called out.

To sort the entries by a specific column, such as :guilabel:`Net Wage`, click on the column name
twice. The first click selects the column, and the second click sorts the information in descending
order.

> To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon, represented by a
> :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`, located at the far-right of the available

Reviewer 3: Slight icon formatting change
```suggestion
To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` button, represented by a
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar` icon, located at the far-right of the available
```

   :alt: The menu options with the download button highlighted.

Any report can be inserted into a spreadsheet by clicking the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet`
button. A :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears,
asking which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard,
or select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. image:: reporting/spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The view of data sent to a spreadsheet.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places
   the newly-created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

   If the *Documents* application **is** installed, the spreadsheet has the option to be stored in
   either the *Dashboards* app or *Documents* app.

Work entry analysis
-------------------

The default :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report provides an overview of the validated work
entries for the current month. To view this report, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app -->
Reporting --> Work Entry Analysis`.

> The work entries appear in a pivot table, with the default filters of :guilabel:`Current month:
> (Month)(Year)` and :guilabel:`Validated`. The various types of :doc:`work_entries` are listed on the
> left-hand side (x-axis), while the :guilabel:`Total` values appear along the top (the y-axis).

Reviewer 3: Filter formatting :)
```suggestion
The work entries appear in a pivot table, with the default filters of `Current month: (Month)(Year)`
and `Validated`. The various types of :doc:`work_entries` are listed on the left-hand side (x-axis),
while the :guilabel:`Total` values appear along the top (the y-axis).
```

To change the displayed view, click the :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon next to the word
:guilabel:`Total`, then click on one of the grouping options. The available options are
:guilabel:`Work Entry Type`, :guilabel:`Employee`, and :guilabel:`Department`. If in a multi-company
database, a :guilabel:`Company` option also appears.

To add a new group to sort the data, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group`, then click one of the
presented options.

.. tip::

>    Wherever a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon appears on a pivot table, the information can be further
>    grouped. Click on a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon to reveal the available grouping options.

Reviewer 3: Remove "no-break space (&nbsp;)" characters
```suggestion
   Wherever a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon appears on a pivot table, the information can be further
   grouped. Click on a :guilabel:`➕ (plus)` icon to reveal the available grouping options.
```

   Click on a :guilabel:`➖ (minus)` icon anywhere on the pivot table to remove that respective
   grouping.

It is possible to compare the current :guilabel:`Work entry analysis` report to the previous month

> or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the

Reviewer 3: Here too :)
```suggestion
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the
```

search bar to reveal the various :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>` and grouping options.

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous
Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the previous
time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. image:: reporting/work-entry-comparison.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A pivot table comparing the work entries of the current month and the previous month.

> To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` icon, represented by a
> :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar`, located at the far-right of the available icons.
> The information is then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` button, represented by a
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar` icon, located at the far-right of the available
icons. The information is then downloaded into a spreadsheet.
```

The data can also be inserted into a spreadsheet. Click the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` button
and a :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears, asking
which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard, or
select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. note::
   If the *Documents* app is **not** installed, the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` option places

>    the newly created spreadsheet in the *Dashboards* app.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to reference the previous section since this is essentially the same instruction to simplify the doc :)

child support payments and wage garnishments. To view this report, navigate to
:menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting -> Salary Attachment Report`.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-of-salary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View the Attachment of Salary report that shows all salary garnishments.

The employees are listed in the left-side column, while the different deductions are listed in the
top row, organized by deduction and monthly individual payslips.

The report can be exported as an XLSX file, or inserted into a spreadsheet, using the corresponding
buttons at the top.

Click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal the options of what data can be displayed.
:guilabel:`Assignment of salary`, :guilabel:`Attachment of salary`, :guilabel:`Child support`, and
:guilabel:`Count` can all be selected or deselected by clicking on the item. If an item has a
checkmark next to it, that information is displayed.

.. image:: reporting/attachment-measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the options to be displayed in the Salary Attachment Report.

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` can be compared to the report for the previous time period

> or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the

Reviewer 3: Remove "no-break space" character
```suggestion
or the previous year. To view these comparisons, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the
```

search bar to reveal the various :ref:`filter <payroll/filters>` and grouping options.

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous
Period` or :guilabel:`Payslip End Date: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the
previous time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. _payroll/filters:

Filters
=======

> At the top of each report, the default filters are shown inside the :guilabel:`Search` box.

Reviewer 3: Match UI text please :)
```suggestion
At the top of each report, the default filters are shown inside the :guilabel:`Search...` box.
```

Click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon in the search bar to display the available
:guilabel:`Filters`. Filters show information that match the specific filter parameters.

.. example::

>    The :guilabel:`Work Entries Analysis` report has two default filters, the :guilabel:`Current
>    month:(Month)(Year)` filter, and the :guilabel:`Validated` filter.

Reviewer 3: Filter formatting
```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Work Entries Analysis` report has two default filters, the `Current
   month:(Month)(Year)` filter, and the `Validated` filter.
```

   .. image:: reporting/custom-filter.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filters enabled for the Work Entries Analysis report.

>    The :guilabel:`Payroll` report has only one default filter, the :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Payslip`
>    filter.
> 
>    The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` has only one default filter, the :guilabel:`Payslip End
>    Date: (Year)` filter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Payroll` report has only one default filter, the `Last 365 Days Payslip` filter.

   The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` has only one default filter, the `Payslip End Date:
   (Year)` filter.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: A pivot table comparing the work entries of the current month and the previous month.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` button, represented by a
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow above a horizontal bar)` icon, located at the far-right of the available
icons. The information is then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

The data can also be inserted into a spreadsheet. Click the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` button
and a :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears, asking
which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard, or
select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. note::
   The work entry analysis spreadsheet is :ref:`stored in the same locations <payroll/doc-storage>`
   as a pivot table.

Salary attachment report
------------------------

The :guilabel:`Salary Attachment Report` shows all deductions or allocations per employee, such as
child support payments and wage garnishments. To view this report, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting -> Salary Attachment Report`.

Reviewer 3: One more correction
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Salary Attachment Report`.
```

view.

.. image:: reporting/pie-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu buttons with the pie chart called out.

Pivot table
~~~~~~~~~~~

To display the data in a pivot table, click on the :guilabel:`Pivot` button (represented by a
:guilabel:`(pivot)` icon) located in the far-right side of the top menu bar.

The default information displayed includes the number of payslips (:guilabel:`# Payslip`), the
:guilabel:`Net Wage`, the :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, the number of :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`,
and the number of :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`. The information is organized by department.

To display more information on the report, click the :guilabel:`Measures` button to reveal a
drop-down menu. Then, click on any other metric to display it on the pivot table.

.. image:: reporting/pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pivot table view with the various metrics called out.

To sort the entries by a specific column, such as :guilabel:`Net Wage`, click on the column name
twice. The first click selects the column, and the second click sorts the information in descending
order.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` button, represented by a

> :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar` icon, located at the far-right of the available

Reviewer 3: Let's include the entire icon descriptor in parentheses :)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow above a horizontal bar)` icon, located at the far-right of the available
```

In the section titled :guilabel:`Comparison`, click on either :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous
Period` or :guilabel:`Current Month: Previous Year`. The report updates and displays the previous
time period values, as well as the :guilabel:`Variation` between the two.

.. image:: reporting/work-entry-comparison.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A pivot table comparing the work entries of the current month and the previous month.

To export the data in an XLSX format, click the :guilabel:`Download xlsx` button, represented by a
:guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow) above a horizontal bar` icon, located at the far-right of the available
icons. The information is then downloaded into a spreadsheet.

The data can also be inserted into a spreadsheet. Click the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` button
and a :guilabel:`Select a spreadsheet to insert your (type of report)` pop-up window appears, asking
which spreadsheet to place the information in. Select an existing spreadsheet or dashboard, or
select a new :guilabel:`Blank spreadsheet`. Click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to move to a
spreadsheet view with the report added to it.

.. note::

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove empty line in note admonition :)
```suggestion
```

Reporting
=========

The :guilabel:`Reporting` section of the *Payroll* app offers a variety of reports to choose from,
organized by location.

The :guilabel:`Payroll` report, :guilabel:`Work Entry Analysis` report, and :guilabel:`Salary
Attachment Report` are default reports in the *Payroll* app, and are available for all companies,

> regardless of location.

Author: I was torn since they were available to be clicked- but I agree, I just made the italics instead.

Beneath the three default reports are all localization-based reports, organized by country, in
alphabetical order. These reports contain all the various information for the offered benefits and
local tax laws.

To view all the available reports for the database, including all the localization-specific ones,
navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting` to view the available reports. Click on a
specific report to view it.

.. image:: reporting/reports.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view.

If a report is unavailable to a user, an :guilabel:`Invalid Operation` pop-up window appears,
stating: `You must be logged in to a (country) company to use this feature.`

Filters
=======

At the top of each report, the default filters are shown inside the :guilabel:`Search` box.

Click the :guilabel:`drop-down arrow` in the search box to display the available filters. Filters
show information that matches the specific filter parameters.

> .. example::

Reviewer: I would use a guilabel for the filters, as you aren't manually entering the info, you are selecting them from options on the UI

   :alt: Report dashboard view.

All reports have the option to add custom filters, or group the information by different metrics
(employee, department, company, etc.). Some reports have the option to compare the current report to
the previous time period or year (a :guilabel:`Comparison` option).

Click on a parameter to select it and activate it. The report is immediately updated with the new
parameters.

The updated report can be set as a favorite report, meaning the parameters are stored for quick
access in the future. First, click :guilabel:`Save the current search` under the
:guilabel:`Favorites` section, and two options and a :guilabel:`Save` button appear.

If the current report is desired to be the default when the report is accessed, tick the box next to
:guilabel:`Default filter`. If the current report should be accessible to everyone in the database,
tick the box next to :guilabel:`Share`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`, which saves the currently configured report, and it now appears
beneath :guilabel:`Favorites`.

Default reports
===============

Payroll
-------

Click on :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Payroll` to display the :guilabel:`Payroll

> Analysis` report. This report shows all the payslips generated in the last 365 days.

Author: If I resize the screen at all, you lose either the right half or the bottom which tells you what the info is. Since I didn't think the text was SUPER important, I went with the whole chart since you can see what the screen should look like, and where the buttons are.

I honestly don't know how I can take a different/better image while also showing all the data I need/want to.

.. image:: reporting/payroll-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view.

The report can display metrics for a variety of parameters. Click the :guilabel:`Measures` box to
view a drop-down menu with the various options to display.

The default options available include: :guilabel:`# Payslip`, :guilabel:`Basic Wage`,
:guilabel:`Basic Wage for Time Off`, :guilabel:`Days of Paid Time Off`, :guilabel:`Days of
Unforeseen Absence`, :guilabel:`Days of Unpaid Time Off`, :guilabel:`Gross Wage`, :guilabel:`Net
Wage`, :guilabel:`Number of Days`, :guilabel:`Number of Hours`, :guilabel:`Work Days`,
:guilabel:`Work Hours`, and :guilabel:`Count`.

:guilabel:`Net Wage` is the default metric for the :guilabel:`Payroll` report.

.. image:: reporting/measures.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Report dashboard view.

Line chart
~~~~~~~~~~

A line chart is the default view for the *Payroll* report. If a different view is selected, click

> the :guilabel:`Line Chart` icon (middle icon) in the menu bar to change the view back to a line

Author: OK- I was worried for people who couldn't see the image, that the text would need to be thorough enough. I will remove them since they SHOULD be obvious by their image and icon.
